{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1348\cocoasubrtf170
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa280

\f0\b\fs28 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 02/03/2016\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa319

\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 #1 The idea\
\pard\pardeftab720\li200\ri200\sa200

\b0 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 "I want to learn programming!" I told my bf recently. He, being a professional software engineer, showed me the {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.java-hamster-modell.de/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 Java-Hamster}} and by doing so he uncovered a spark that finally lead me here today.\
In the middle of having fun letting this hamster run through labyrinths and pick up seeds a dear friend from scandinavia skyped me. She told me about her newest business idea which required a website. What a wonderful opportunity for me to finally learn this! At this point I turned my back on the cute Java-Hamster.\
Being hooked by the idea I found myself planning my own project. The one you look at right now. I want to learn all the stuff #fromscratch that I usually just organise as a project manager.\
I have plenty of ideas already - ranging from mere programming to tracking tools and visual elements I want to develop and style myself.\
To get started I have registered at {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.codeschool.com/"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc3 \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec3 codeschool}} and started with frontend foundations. The result of the first HTML/CSS class is basically what you see here right now.\
This is also the mode I envision for the development of this website. It is possible that it will look different every day because I plan on updating stuff every time I learn something new.\
By the way - this post was written offline before I managed to bring my site online.\
Cheers!\
}